# Release v0.1.0-pre-alpha (30th November 2018)

This **pre-alpha** build introduces some of the concepts to implementers before the official release. 
The aim is to foster an open and collaborative tool and support feedback to help develop the best possible tool.

N.B. This release is not intended to be executable so bug reports about this version should **NOT** be posted.

### Highlights:

* [Test Case Design](docs/test-case-design.md) Design. 
The functional conformance suite provides a cross-platform, language agnostic representation of test cases. 
The primary purpose is to determine whether an implementer resource complies with requirements of specifications and conditions, regulations and standards.
* [Discovery Design](docs/discovery.md) Design: Provides a configurable model that allows an implementer to describe information on endpoint availability, data structure.

### New features (new features, defects corrected, caveats etc)

* REFAPP-399 Add CI BitBucket Pipelines.
* Add Dockerfile and build.
* Add pipeline to test and lint the Vue.js app.
* Add websocket support to server and remove docker-compose.yml
* Add Makefile, clean to Makefile. 
* Document makefile usage make help.
* Add go.mod and go.sum.
* REFAPP-439 Discovery Model, post config to Go.
* Document appconfig/appconfig.go in appconfig/APPCONFIG.md
* Add tests to ensure that index.html is being served.
* Add discovery support for POSTing a config.
* lib/server/server.go: Add: /api/config POST. Add: /api/config DELETE.
* lib/server/server_test.go: Add: POST /api/config test. Add: DELETE /api/config test.
* Add Make run_image to mount the config/ and swagger/directories.
* REFAPP-438 add discovery UI changes.
* Add lodash to convert to startCase.
* Add test:watch script to run tests in watch mode.
* Add make target to do initial node modules install.
* Add config for nvm to use long-term support node release
* Add test suite documentation.
* Add vendoring support in Go.
* Add use of testing data tables.
* Add initial permission reading into model.
* Add discovery model example file.
* Add "version" property to discovery model.
* Add use of the JSON-LD schema.org APIReference schema to represent the data.
* Add String() function to Rule and Model
* REFAPP-462 Add basic validation performed on the discovery JSON before processing.
* Add discovery model package, lib/discovery
* Model struct. FromJSONString method to parse and validate json.
* Add lib/server/web to .gitignore. tidy up .dockerignore and make sure lib/discovery is copied into build context.
* Add /api/discovery-model/validate: add endpoint. add tests.
* Add project layout based on https://github.com/golang-standards/project-layout. 
* Add model/condition.go: error handling when json file cannot be loaded.
* Add getter function GetEndpointConditionality.
* Add tests for getter function GetEndpointConditionality.
* Add checks to ensure that all mandatory endpoints have been defined, using HasMandatoryEndpoints.
* Add /accounts/{AccountId}/balances to docs/discovery-example.json.
* Add testcase mock server tests using gock.
* Add mock conditionality check in discovery validation unit tests.
* Add permission Model Documentation, Test Cases and supporting code.
* Add interface for endpoint conditionality checks.
* Add function to get new conditionality checker.
* Add a way to explicitly state which endpoints are mandatory ConditionalityChecker interface.
* Add remaining payments API endpoints to discovery model example.
* Add identifier field to specifications config JSON.
* Add function to check for presence of endpoint/method.
* Add IsPresent function that returns true for endpoint method mix in specification.
* Add MissingMandatory func to return missing mandatory endpoints.
* Add MissingMandatory func to ConditionalityChecker interface.
* Add validation of specifications.json config fields.
* Add config/permission-code-sets.json file.
* REFAPP-471: Add Bootstrap + Vue. 
* REFAPP-471: Add wizard for UI.
* Add validate methods to Step1-Step5 components of UI.

### Bug fixes / Other:

* REFAPP-410 Remove Kafka and Zookeeper.
* Remove Redis to simplify stack.
* Bitbucket pipeline: test - turn off docker cache to see if this makes it quicker.
* Fix dockerfile MAINTAINER has been deprecated.
* Disable vue/this-in-template rule, locally. Disable hyphenation and casing rules. 
* Fix Discovery Model, not to use ports below 1000. Use port 80 instead.
* Fix Discovery Model, one incorrect use of uuid package. Use github.com/google/uuid.
* Fix to regenerate go.sum and remove unused modules from go.mod.
* Fix appconfig/appconfig.go: Convert CertTransport, CertSigning, KeySigning and KeyTransport to string type to make it easier to deal with.
* Fix address server listens on, should have been 0.0.0.0.
* Default to port 80 unless another port is specified via an env. variable.
* Dockerfile: EXPOSE port 80, and update make run_image command to also expose the port.
* Fix Make run to specify a port so that 8080 isn't used.
* Fix setting the request host header in Proxy.Handler function.
* Fix linting error.
* Fix the use of new config property names in UI.
* Update to use LTS releases from the "dubnium" line, e.g. v10.*.
* Fix text condition in .json file uses string. add link,minor typo fix.
* Fix run go mod vendor to fix CI test failure.
* Fix setting unique proxy port for each server test.
* Remove redundant "resource" property from discovery endpoint items.
* Rename "requiredProperties" to "conditionalProperties"
* Fix putting common loadModel() setup in a test function with subtests.
* Move lib/discovery/ to pkg/discovery/
* Fix Makefile, enable parallel builds for multi-staged builds.
* Move config/conditionality.json to pkg/model/conditionality.json
* Move config/permission.go to pkg/model/permission.go.
* Move model/ folder to pkg/model/ folder.
* Fix lib/server/ intermittent test failure in Pipelines.
* Move lib/server to pkg/server/
* Rename interface to model.ConditionalityChecker.
* Decouples test from changes being made to conditionality config on adding new API specification endpoints.
* Remove unused IsOptional IsConditional functions.
* Reduce logging to std out during tests.
* Fix field name in conditionality config.
* Group endpoint conditionality by specification identifier.
* Change discovery validation to use MissingMandatory func.
* Fix different config relative path when running tests.
* Fix discovery validation to proceed after mid-way errors.
* Update version of vue2-brace-editor.


### Troubleshooting/Notes

*Note:* This release is not intended to be executable.

### Other Resources and Links

[Release pull request final](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/pull-requests/64)