# Release v0.2.0-alpha (11th January 2019)

This is the second Alpha release. The release is called v0.2.0-alpha and includes new features and bug fixes following feedback from users.

### Highlights:

This v0.2.0-alpha release introduces an example Discovery Template to demonstrate the headless flow for Ozone Model Bank for v3.0 of the OBIE  Accounts and Transactions specifications. 

The Discovery model has been updated to version v0.2.0-alpha to support custom tests and resource IDs. This feature helps us move beyond simple Swagger validation into custom test generation in later releases with post and pre-execution hooks.

The UI wizard interface has also had significantly updated to provide users with a more intuitive experience. A testcase overview page was created to give the users feedback on tests generated by the Discovery.

### New Features and Improvements

* REFAPP-499: New UI Layout for Wizard.
* REFAPP-441: Added new Ozone headless template.
* REFAPP-501: Added icons and open license.
* REFAPP-502: Added Discovery template UI.
* REFAPP-504: Added application versioning.
* REFAPP-507: Added UI Discovery JSON validation.
* REFAPP-511: Added UI configuration page and certificates upload.
* REFAPP-426: Added UI page to display results.
* REFAPP-538: Updates to the testcase overview page.
* REFAPP-537: Added test executor handler.
* Added discovery replacement parameters.
* Updates to the UI to now include a list of custom tests.

### Fixed Issues / Other:

 * REFAPP-529: Fixed wizard bug where a user can skip steps.
 * REFAPP-535: Fixed an issue with 'POST' of Discovery JSON data after validation in the UI so it persists it in memory.
 * Removed load and init func from permission.
 * Fixed UI root view to be the wizard start page.
 * Other bug fixes and UI and rendering issues.

### Troubleshooting/Notes

*Note:* This release is not intended to be executable.