# Release v1.0.0 (29th March 2019)

This is the first RC1 release. The release is called v1.0.0 and includes new features and bug fixes following feedback from users.

### Highlights:

This v1.0.0 release introduces manual PSU consent (hybrid flow) for for v3.1 of the OBIE Accounts and Transactions specifications and Payments.

The UI wizard interface has also had significantly updates to provide users with a more intuitive experience. A new configuration screen and updates to the discovery model.

### New Features and Improvements

* Added Manifests for Accounts and Transactions
* Added Manifests for Payment API Specification.
* Added Manifests for CBPII API and Event Notifications API
* Added REFAPP-645 Modal PSU Journey (pull request #219)
* Added "yarn lint" changes (pull request #228)
* Added auto close popup on PSU consent success
* Added REFAPP-675: Using go mod download to speed up Golang Docker builds
* Added dynamically build http user agent string at init() time
* Added REFAPP429 UI Export Page (pull request #232)
* Added WebSocket connection when we compute the testcases.
* Added new UI page (last step in the wizard) called Export with the title Export.
* Added to the export page a form with new fields
* Added explicit methods to add values to channels.
* Added method to return array of all values sent to channels.
* AddedDaemonController: add tests for methods
* Added Handler ResultType_TestCasesCompleted event in the UI.
* Added tokenAcquisition getter to vuex store
* Added headless consent in testcases overview step
* Added headless config JSON template for Ozone, populate with ENV VAR.
* Added Setup-guide.md
* Added CMD line
* Added goreportcard badge to readme.
* Added idSelector() property to discovery template component
* Added url for e2e test so it doesn't start dev server
* Added PSU consent flow run e2e test spec
* Added custom cypress commands for next button test interaction
* Added custom commands for e2e integration test interactions
* Added a new model bank config template for PSU flow config.
* Added e2e integration tests for PSU manual consent flow
* Added account and statement ID to e2e spec config fixtures
* Added permisions and excludes to the account and transaction manifest
* Added "test:e2e:all" script to run all cypress tests
* Added manifest assertions
* Added Discovery - Manifest mapping function
* Added new tests for 401 manifest
* Added auth header for no token tests
* Added reporting signing functions
* Added OB3GLOAssertContentType asserts and updated OB3GLOAAssert401 refs
* Added 201 asserts for accounts manifest
* Added display suite version in navigation bar
* Added client grant tests to account manifest

### Fixed Issues / Other:

* Fixed journey config unexported struct (pull request #225)
* Fixed journey location of error check
* Upgrade node dependencies via "yarn upgrade-interactive"
* Upgrade node dependencies reported by "yarn outdated"
* Fixed UI vertical height of navbar
* Fixed links and added build status (for master) and made with badges (Go + Vue.JS)
* Updated handle server response to callback and display to user if required.
* Fixed lint issues
* Fixed try, catch block to window closure.
* Updated error control on print
* Updated mocks with in package mocks
* Fixed server/swagger_handlers.g REFAPP-674
* Remove nextTick around popup close
* Removed custom test from Ozone PSU template
* Updated UI when all the consents have been completed.
* Updated "Pending PSU Consent" button UI for test cases.
* Updated discoveryVersion to v0.3.0
* Remove optional validation annotation as it is not supported
* Updated log message on websocket write failure
* Updated example client id and secret values
* Updated e2e eslint config to "strict: error"
* Fixed redirect URL domain to 127.0.0.1 for e2e test
* Updated headless e2e test ENV VARs in config template
* Updated number step sequence in PSU e2e spec filenames
* Fixed commit calls and HTML id value
* Updated parameters across parameters input expects
* Updated timeout on e2e spec wait for testcase results
* Fixed format of variables in URLs fix tests
* Removed accountAccessConsents parm
* Updated ozone temaplte with correct payment manifest
* Fixed failed test x-fapi-financial-id
* Fixed 404 issues on tests that should be 401
* Fixed componentExecutor_test fail
* Fixed failing pipeline tests
* Updated client credentials grant error msg to UI for display
* Updated PSU consent link text when clicked to indicate start
