# Release v1.0.0-beta (19th February 2019)

This is the first beta release. The release is called v1.0.0-beta and includes new features and bug fixes following feedback from users.

### Highlights:

This v1.0.0-beta release introduces manual PSU consent (hybrid flow) and a example Discovery Template to demonstrate the hybrid flow for Ozone Model Bank for v3.1 of the OBIE Accounts and Transactions specifications.

The Discovery models has been updated to support 3.1 of the OBIE specifications.

The UI wizard interface has also had significantly updated to provide users with a more intuitive experience. A new configuration screen and updates to the discovery model.

### New Features and Improvements

* REFAPP-508: Added test lists based on discovery model.
* REFAPP-537: Added test executor handler.
* REFAPP-541 Added version checks, UI and Go.
* REFAPP-550: Added hyperlink Schema URL on wizard.
* REFAPP-509: Added documentation generated from the OBIE Swagger files.
* REFAPP-553: Added environment vars for debug.
* REFAPP-555: Added results display the results and summary for testcases.
* REFAPP-448: Added support for JavaScript fragments returned from the PSU consent flow.
* REFAPP-578: Added support for test results to be displayed asynchronously on the page.
* REFAPP-588: Added PSU consent URIs.
* REFAPP-593: Added how to run description in readme.
* Updated testing mock http responses, where required.
* Added all Account API v3 endpoints to discovery templates.
* Added configuration JSON in Go.
* Added JWT RS256 handling Plus tracer update.
* Added a column called "Pass" on "run-overview" page.
* Added flags and read config based on -e flag.
* Added global notifications work in progress.
* Added Aaync results on test executor.
* Added discovery template for forgerock model bank (not tested)
* Added tokenAcquisition field in discover model and update tests + validator
* Added validator tests for tokenAcquisition.
* Added UI columns for response size/time on a testcase in UI.
* Added loading spinner UI and showLoading true when waiting for API calls.
* Added c_hash calculation support for OBIE support algorithms.
* Added PSU consent URL link in test case specification header.

### Fixed Issues / Other:

* REFAPP-531: Fixes UI issues, rendering and screen issues.
* REFAPP-528: Removed the "Back" and "Next" buttons on the "Select a Template Page"
* REFAPP-534: Vue.js structured updates.
* REFAPP-557: Font size too small, revert.
* Fixed make building binaries.
* Fixed validate selected file extension and display errors.
* Fixed version endpoint, check for updates in UI and display.
* Removed web journey dependency for CLI.
* Fixed issue with errors not getting to correct store action.
* Fixed isValid to take JSON data into account.
* Fixed execution result not returning.
* Removed the summary page from the UI (this step is no longer required).
* Fixed missing pass on spec result.
* Fixed to display errors stored in status vuex module.
* Other bug fixes and UI and rendering issues.
* Fixed a number of lint issues.
* Removed custom errors from config store.
* Improved discovery model error messages.
* Fixed to reformat JSON path in message to match start letter lowercase in JSON.
* Fixed to load discovery templates/images using require.context
* Fixed promise.race to timeout fetch request.

### Troubleshooting/Notes

*Note:* This release is not intended to be used in production.