# Release v1.4.0 (20th April 2020)

The release is called **v1.4.0**, a minor update that adds support for the [Read/Write Data API Specification 3.1.4](https://openbankinguk.github.io/read-write-api-site3/v3.1.4/profiles/account-and-transaction-api-profile.html) including swagger validation for accounts, payments and CBPII. This release is backwards compatible with older versions of the standard.

---
**Download**: `docker run --rm -it -p 8443:8443 "openbanking/conformance-suite:v1.4.0"` | [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/openbanking/conformance-suite) | [Setup Guide](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/src/develop/docs/setup-guide.md)

---

## Features/Fixes Overview

Below you will find a list of the main features in this release.


### New Support for the OBIE 3.1.4 Read/Write Specifications

This release adds support for the 3.1.4 0BIE Read/Write specifications this includes updated swagger and response validation. 

This update provides backwards compatibility with previous versions of the specification *(3.1.3, 3.1.2, 3.1.1 and 3.1.0)*.

### Help

We've tried to make it easy to provide feedback using our [issue tracker](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/issues?status=new&status=open) or the Open Banking Service Desk. We encourage you to use our issue tracker for reporting problem so we can address these quickly. Please only use the Open Banking Service Desk to submit issues related to certification.

We're interested in all your feedback: feature requests, bugs, usability issues, and general comments about the tool. Please try to be as detailed as possible when reporting your testing environment for issues you may have or the improvements you'd like to see. We'll consider all feedback provided as we're focused on making the best tool possible.