# Release v1.5.2 (7th July 2020)

The release is called **v1.5.2**, a minor update that allows the provision of two new command line parameters "eidas_issuer" and "eidas_kid" for EIDAS signing certificates (QSeals and OBseals) that are registered with the Open Banking Directory.

---
**Download**: `docker run --rm -it -p 8443:8443 "openbanking/conformance-suite:v1.5.2"` | [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/openbanking/conformance-suite) | [Setup Guide](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/src/develop/docs/setup-guide.md)

---

## Features/Fixes Overview

This release provides backwards compatibility with previous versions of the Open Banking Read/Write Data API Specification *(3.1.5,3.1.3, 3.1.2, 3.1.1 and 3.1.0)*. 

Below you will find a list of the main features in this release.

### OBwac OBseal support

This update that allows the provision of two new command line parameters "eidas_issuer" and "eidas_kid" for or QQSeal and OBSeal support.


The eidas_issuer is the “iss” claim for "x-jws-signatures" when using an eIDAS certificates. This must be either {{orgid/software-statementid}} for a tpp, or {{orgid}} for an ASPSP when using “openbanking.org.uk” as the trust anchor (“tan” claim).
eidas_kid is the signing key id. This key id must be lodged with the open banking directory, and the public signing key available in the open banking directory keystore.

### Help us test the tool.

We've tried to make it easy to provide feedback using our [issue tracker](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/issues?status=new&status=open) or the Open Banking Service Desk. We encourage you to use our issue tracker for reporting problem so we can address these quickly. Please only use the Open Banking Service Desk to submit issues related to certification.

If you are a TTP we're interested in your feedback on the new JWS checker. Please report features, bugs, usability issues, and general comments about the tool. Please try to be as detailed as possible when reporting your testing environment for issues you may have or the improvements you'd like to see. We'll consider all feedback provided as we're focused on making the best tool possible.