# Release v1.5.1 (1st June 2020)

The release is called **v1.5.1**, a minor update that enables JWS signature checking for version 3.1.4 and above, 3.1.3 and previous versions of the Open Banking Read/Write Data API Specification in line with the expiry of [Waiver 007](https://openbanking.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DZ/pages/1112670669/W007).

---
**Download**: `docker run --rm -it -p 8443:8443 "openbanking/conformance-suite:v1.5.1"` | [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/openbanking/conformance-suite) | [Setup Guide](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/src/develop/docs/setup-guide.md)

---

## Features/Fixes Overview

This release provides backwards compatibility with previous versions of the Open Banking Read/Write Data API Specification *(3.1.5,3.1.3, 3.1.2, 3.1.1 and 3.1.0)*. 

Below you will find a list of the main features in this release.

### JWS signature checking

The OBIE R/W API specification (in v3.0, 3.1, 3.1.1, 3.1.2 and 3.1.3) require both TPPs and ASPSPs to sign all payment messages *(JSON Web Signatures JWS)*. 

Non-repudiation requirements are met through the use of a number of extensions including [RFC 7797](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7797).

Checking is determined by the version of the payment initiation api used in your discovery file `apiSpecification->version`.

Version 3.1.3 and previous versions:

* `x-jws-signature` header sent in requests for payments POST requests (b64=false)
* Validation of x-jws-signature headers for payment Responses (b64=false)

Version v3.1.4 and subsequent versions:

* `x-jws-signature` header send in requests for payments POST requests (b64=true)
* Validation of `x-jws-signature` headers for payment responses (b64=true)

### Disabling of JWS signature checking

The tool adds a new command-line flag - `JWS_DISABLE=TRUE` that is used when starting the Docker container. This new flag will disabled the sending of `x-jws-signature` headers and the validation of `x-jws-signature` responses.

**This flag is to be used for testing purposes only**. OBIE will NOT accept ASPSP/TSP certifications for PIS where signature checking is disabled.

### Report export updates.

This update adds the `x-jws_signature` status in the exported report file. Status can be `true`, `false` or disabled, reflecting the b64 flag status.

### How to use

No changes to your discovery file is required. Response signatures are validated by extracting the `keyID` (kid) from the signature header, then retrieving the corresponding Public Key from the JWKS_URL defined in the `well-known/openid-configuration` endpoint.

JWT header claims are also validated for each `x-jws-signature` response.

### Other updates

* HTTP Status Code is recorded for each test in the report file.
* Removed `data.charges` in condional properties [PR](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/pull-requests/526)

### Help us test JWS checking in the tool.

We've tried to make it easy to provide feedback using our [issue tracker](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/issues?status=new&status=open) or the Open Banking Service Desk. We encourage you to use our issue tracker for reporting problem so we can address these quickly. Please only use the Open Banking Service Desk to submit issues related to certification.

If you are a TTP we're interested in your feedback on the new JWS checker. Please report features, bugs, usability issues, and general comments about the tool. Please try to be as detailed as possible when reporting your testing environment for issues you may have or the improvements you'd like to see. We'll consider all feedback provided as we're focused on making the best tool possible.