# Release v1.6.7 (24th February 2021)

The release is called **v1.6.7**, an update to support [additional roadmap tests](https://openbanking.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DZ/pages/1564083551/OBIE+Functional+Conformance+Tool+Roadmap)
and contains minor improvements.

---
**Download**:
`docker run --rm -it -p 8443:8443 "openbanking/conformance-suite:v1.6.7"` |
[DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/openbanking/conformance-suite) |
[Setup Guide](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/src/develop/docs/setup-guide.md)

---

## Features/Fixes Overview

This release provides backwards compatibility with previous versions of the
Open Banking Read/Write Data API Specification *(3.1.6, 3.1.5, 3.1.4, 3.1.3,
3.1.2, 3.1.1 and 3.1.0)*.

## Fixes and features

### Client Signature Configuration change

When the conformance tool is used for testing PISP endpoints, the client requests
contain signed payloads. The signature used for a payload contains a number of
configurable claims:

- "kid" - the key ID of the certificate that is used for the signature
- "http://openbanking.org.uk/iss" - the issuer of the signature
- "http://openbanking.org.uk/tan" - the trust anchor where the public certificate is lodged

*Previous versions of the tool automatically constructed the 'iss' claim when using OB signing
certificates. This mechanism was designed before EIDAS signatures were supported.
EIDAS certificates required the use of a checkbox that allowed manual overrides for the fields. A similar checkbox was in place for setting custom trust anchor for the signature.*

**Version 1.6.7 of the conformance tool has a uniform configuration set requiring 
the same signature parameters regardless of the type of certificate is used for running the test.** The following parameters are now required:

- Client (TPP) Signature KID
- Client (TPP) Signature Issuer
- Client (TPP) Signature Trust Anchor

Or their respective JSON fields:

```
{
    ...
  "tpp_signature_kid": << key_id >>,
  "tpp_signature_issuer": << org_id/ssa_id >>,
  "tpp_signature_tan": << "openbanking.org.uk" or ASPSP specific value >>,
    ...
}
```

The values are explained in detail in the [Message Signing FAQs](https://openbankinguk.github.io/knowledge-base-pub/standards/general/message-sign.html#message-signing-faqs). 

### Updated OpenAPI GUI links

OpenAPI specification links in the UI are updated to use specifications for the Read-Write API v3.1.6. 
## Help us test the tool

We've tried to make it easy to provide feedback using our [issue tracker](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/issues?status=new&status=open)
or the Open Banking Service Desk. We encourage you to use our issue tracker for
reporting problem so we can address these quickly. Please only use the
Open Banking Service Desk to submit issues related to certification.

If you are a TTP we're interested in your feedback on the new JWS checker. Please
report features, bugs, usability issues, and general comments about the tool. Please
try to be as detailed as possible when reporting your testing environment for issues
you may have or the improvements you'd like to see. We'll consider all feedback
provided as we're focused on making the best tool possible.
